Practice Test - Domain 5
Question 1: Kubernetes Secrets
1. Create a new secret named kplabs-secret
2. The secret should have following data:

1. username: admin
2. password: password123
3. Mount the secret inside pod in form of environment variable in the following way:
        a. username should be associated with environment variable of DB_USERNAME inside the pod.
       a. password should be associated with environment variable of DB_PASS inside the pod.
4. Verify the same by connecting inside the container.

Question 2: Network Security Policies   
Create three namespace named development, production, and security.
Launch a pod from busybox image in each of these namespace.
Pods within development namespace should not be able to communicate with pods in production namespace.
Pods within security should be able to communicate with all the pods.

Question 3: Network Security Policies
Create a namespace named forensics
All the pods within the forensics namespace should not be able to communicate outside world (egress isolation)
Create a pod named investigator in the default namespace.
Pods within forensics namespace should only allow connection from IP of the investigator pod.
Question 4: Linux Capabilities
1. Create a pod named kplabs-privileged.
2. All the containers inside the pod should be based on privileged mode.
3. Find out all the capabilities associated with the POD and store it in a file named capabilities.txt under /tmp directory.
	apiVersion: v1
	kind: Pod
	metadata:
	  name: security-context-demo-2
	spec:
	  securityContext:
	    runAsUser: 1000
	  containers:
	  - name: sec-ctx-demo-2
	    image: gcr.io/google-samples/node-hello:1.0
	    securityContext:
	      runAsUser: 2000
	      allowPrivilegeEscalation: true
	      prvileged= true
	
Question 5: Creating User with Certificate Based Authentication  --- IMP
Alice is a new member of the DevOps team. She wants to have access to the K8s cluster to perform certain operations.
As part of security requirement, the authentication to K8s cluster should only be based on certificates. Perform all the necessary steps and generate the necessary kubeconfig file.
The output of following command should result in output:
kubectl --context=alice-context get pods

Question 6: Authorization
Alice has received a new task to deploy an application within the Kubernetes cluster. The application uses POD and Secret resources within the cluster.  The application should be deployed only in the production namespace
Assign all the necessary permission to Alice to perform all operation on the resources required for application to be deployed within the production namespace.
Verify if everything works by creating a POD and Secret from the Alice user context in the production namespace.
Verify if everything works by creating a POD and Secret from the Alice user context in the default namespace.
Remove all the permission associated with the Alice user.

Question 7: Authorization
1. Create a cluster role in such way that it provides access to perform all read operations on resource PODS across all the namespaces.
2. Name of the role should be kplabs-clusterrole
3. Bind the cluster role to binding named read-global-pods
4. Associate the binding with the Alice user.
5. Create two namespace named testing and production.
6. Launch test pods in both the namespaces
6. With the context of Alice, verify if you are able to list the pods in the testing and production namespace.
