Question 1: Resource Quota
Create a pod named kplabs-quota. The pod should have following configuration:
a. Should run with nginx image.
b. It should use maximum of 512 MiB of memory.
c. It should use maximum of 2 core CPU.
d. The POD should require a minimum of 128 MiB of memory before it is scheduled.
2. Question 2: Daemon Sets
1. Create a daemon set named kplabs-daemonset
2. The daemon set should launch 1 pod of nginx image in all the worker nodes.
3. Launch 1 more worker node in Digital Ocean and verify if daemon set is successful.
3. Question 3: Static Pods
1. Launch a K8s cluster based on minikube
2. Launch a static pod named kplabs-static. The pod should be launched from nginx image.
3. Verify the status of the pod.
4. Question 4: Node Selector
1. Create a Digital Ocean cluster which has two worker nodes.
2. The first worker node should have label of worker=one
3. The second worker node should have label of worker=two
4. Create a new pod named workerone-pod. The pod should only be launched in the first worker node.
5. Create a new pod named workertwo-pod. The pod should only be launched in the second worker node.
6. Write a kubectl command which shows list of available pods and it's associated worker nodes.
7. Verify if pods are created in the right worker nodes.
8. Remove all the labels and pods.
6. Question 5: Node Affinity - Required Scheduling
1. Create a Digital Ocean cluster which has two worker nodes.
2. Add the following label to worker node one availabilityzone=az1
3. Add the following label to worker node two availabilityzone:=az2
4. Create a pod named kplabs-az1. The pod should have an affinity were is only gets launched in node running in availability zone of az1
5. Create a pod named kplabs-az2. The pod can launch in any node which is not running in availability zone of az1
6. Create a pod named kplabs-az3. The pod should launch in any node which has is running in availabilityzone of az3
7. Verify the status of all the pods and check on which nodes they are running.
7. Question 5: Node Affinity - Preferred Scheduling
1. Create a pod based on Node Affinity.
2. Pod should be based on nginx image
3. Pod should be preferred to run on node which has following labels: cpu=intel or cpu=amd
4. If none of the nodes have the label, the pod should launch in any of the available node.
